Kershaw.ooo (the “Website”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.

Kershaw.ooo is committed to protecting the privacy of its users and customers. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which we collect, use, store and disclose personal data about visitors and customers of the Website.

Third Party Vendors:

Kershaw.ooo may use third party vendors, including Google, to serve ads based on a user’s previous visits to the Website or other websites. Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to the Website’s users based on their visit to the Website and/or other sites on the Internet.

Data Collection:

Kershaw.ooo may collect data from users, including personal information, in order to provide users with a better experience on the Website. This data may include information such as IP address, browser type, operating system and other similar information.

Kershaw.ooo may also collect data about users’ activities on the Website, such as pages visited, products purchased and other information.

Kershaw.ooo may also collect data from users through cookies and other tracking technologies.

Use of Data:

Kershaw.ooo may use the data collected from users to provide a better experience on the Website. This may include customizing the Website according to user preferences, providing users with more relevant content, and providing users with more relevant product recommendations.

Kershaw.ooo may also use the data collected to improve the Website and services, as well as to monitor and analyze usage and trends.

Data Sharing and Disclosure:

Kershaw.ooo may share personal data with third parties in order to provide users with a better experience on the Website. This may include sharing data with third parties such as analytics companies, advertising networks, and search engine providers.

Kershaw.ooo may also share personal data with third parties in order to provide users with more relevant product recommendations and advertisements.

Kershaw.ooo may also share personal data with third parties if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of the Website or its users.

Data Security:

Kershaw.ooo is committed to protecting the security of the data collected from users. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the data collected from users against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to personal data.

Data Retention:

Kershaw.ooo will retain the personal data collected from users in accordance with applicable laws.

Your Rights:

You have the right to access, correct, and delete your personal data. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data and to withdraw any consent you have given to the processing of your personal data.

Changes to this Privacy Policy:

Kershaw.ooo reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the updated policy on the Website.
